README.md, before:

# Welcome to devphobia's profile!👹
Welcome to my profile page! Feel free to explore, download or share anything that you consider valuable.
## Who exactly am I?
<p align="justify">
    My name is Gabriel and I'm currently a Computer Science undergraduate at <b>UFSC - Universidade de Santa Catarina</b>. 
    I'm a privacy enthusiast and I aspire to be a successful cybersecurity professional. I've got an array of interests in
    information security that range from computer networks to desktop applications.
</p>

I'm currently studying to get the Network+ certification.

My non-programming hobbies include reading philosophy, gaming and watching underground movies.

### Here are some Github stats for you!
---

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=devphobia&count_private=true&theme=dracula" align="center">
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=devphobia&layout=compact&theme=dracula" align="center">
</p>

Commit message:

Fixed minor spacing issues and added some more info

README.md, after:

# Welcome to devphobia's profile! 👹
Welcome to my profile page! Feel free to explore, download or share anything that you consider valuable.
## Who exactly am I?
<p align="justify">
    My name is Gabriel and I'm currently a Computer Science undergraduate at <b>UFSC - Universidade de Santa Catarina</b>
    and an InfoSec intern at Laboratório Bridge. I'm a privacy enthusiast and I aspire to be a successful cybersecurity 
    professional. I've got an array of interests in information security that range from computer networks to desktop applications.
</p>

I'm currently studying to get the Network+ certification.

My non-programming hobbies include reading philosophy, gaming and watching underground movies.

### Here are some Github stats for you!
---

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=devphobia&count_private=true&theme=dracula" align="center">
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=devphobia&layout=compact&theme=dracula" align="center">
</p>
